---
noFlex: true
---

#### Pursuant to § 5 TMG:
Rathes Sachchithananthan <br>
Arminiusstraße 6 <br>
45721 Haltern am See

#### Contact:
Phone: 017620210468 <br>
E-Mail: sachchi@rathes.de

#### Disclaimer

##### Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics
uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the
site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored
by Google on servers in the United States .

In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member
States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional
cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The
IP-anonymisation is active on this website.

Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your
use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other
services relating to website activity and internet usage.

The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any
other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your
browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this
website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading
and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).

#### Limitation of liability for internal content
The content of our website has been compiled with meticulous care and to the best of our knowledge. However,
we cannot assume any liability for the up-to-dateness, completeness or accuracy of any of the pages.

Pursuant to section 7, para. 1 of the TMG (Telemediengesetz – Tele Media Act by German law), we as service providers
are liable for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws. However, pursuant to sections
8 to 10 of the TMG, we as service providers are not under obligation to monitor external information provided
or stored on our website. Once we have become aware of a specific infringement of the law, we will immediately
remove the content in question. Any liability concerning this matter can only be assumed from the point in
time at which the infringement becomes known to us.

##### Limitation of liability for external links

Our website contains links to the websites of third parties (“external links”). As the content of these websites
is not under our control, we cannot assume any liability for such external content. In all cases, the provider
of information of the linked websites is liable for the content and accuracy of the information provided.
At the point in time when the links were placed, no infringements of the law were recognisable to us. As
soon as an infringement of the law becomes known to us, we will immediately remove the link in question.

##### Copyright

The content and works published on this website are governed by the copyright laws of Germany. Any duplication,
processing, distribution or any form of utilisation beyond the scope of copyright law shall require the prior
written consent of the author or authors in question.

##### Data protection

A visit to our website can result in the storage on our server of information about the access (date, time, page
accessed). This does not represent any analysis of personal data (e.g., name, address or e-mail address).
If personal data are collected, this only occurs – to the extent possible – with the prior consent of the
user of the website. Any forwarding of the data to third parties without the express consent of the user
shall not take place.

We would like to expressly point out that the transmission of data via the Internet (e.g., by e-mail) can offer
security vulnerabilities. It is therefore impossible to safeguard the data completely against access by third
parties. We cannot assume any liability for damages arising as a result of such security vulnerabilities.

The use by third parties of all published contact details for the purpose of advertising is expressly excluded.
We reserve the right to take legal steps in the case of the unsolicited sending of advertising information;
e.g., by means of spam mail.

Source: [English Disclaimer on Mustervorlage.net](http://www.mustervorlage.net/disclaimer-muster#Englisch)